We are still waiting for him to say a
word and take a measure to
expel these people from his
[Applause]
party the National Youth movement has
never been reported for attacks on
left-wing collectives the squad truck arrives
cleaner way comes back to
life my
heart is  the whole world This is the
true face a
neo-fascist face we are camera m poor
clii after showing The true face
of the young people of Fratelli d'Italia
Europe has turned the spotlight on
Giorgia Meloni's party
But in Italy the prime minister
has chosen  the delivery of silence from
a fanpage journalistic investigation,
disturbing facts have emerged, they are formed
in the myth of those who have stained
the history of our country with the blood of persecution, we are
still waiting for him to say
a word and take a measure
to expel these people from his
the Gover Ris party does so through the
Fratelli d'Italia minister Luca
Ciriani who defends the
national youth militants and attacks our
investigation the journalistic report
was built on the basis of
fragmented decontextualized images taken
in a private setting But those
we have told  they are not isolated cases
and the context we show is precisely
the one in which the young people of
Fratelli d'Italia are immersed this camp is called
Cabiria a small
new Brindisi Ciria lives
at the community camp around the table
where the spirit of the
movement is built There are  some of the
most prominent exponents of National youth We
hate all those who want to impose
their culture on us Whoever decides to
undertake a choice like the one that
each of us who are at
this table has made is because he is a free man
and in this context that different  circles
of militants come together for
an important experience of
political training and to reiterate it are their
leaders I would like to tell you
absolutely order discipline that
in any case we are on the right we are people
who already have a sense by nature
Flaminia peace Andrea Piepoli they are the
same protagonists of the movement who
have given us  guided throughout our
militancy in our youth
National, lend your hand, I Duce Duce
Duce Duce But they are not the only
prominent exponents we meet
during our infiltration, we do not
take the initiative if, if they provoke us, we do
not respond. Among these is Funel,
member of the secretariat  Congresses of
Fratelli
d'Italia
young people in addition to Ilaria Partipilo
president of national youth in
Bari Funel and pary Pilo are present at
all the events because
they collaborate with the deputy Giovanni
Donzelli responsible
for the organization of Fratelli
d'Italia Hurray Well done Thank you let's have
some fun  cemo Let's hope at least we have
a nice Brothers of Italy finances
national youth with hundreds of
thousands of euros every year but in addition to the
traced funds there are others that
reach the militants directly and
which cannot be mentioned
publicly as I have already told you  Having said everything
about the hotel, you
paid for it yourself, you get a good sandwich,
otherwise you paid for it yourself. I
always recommend with a smile on your
face. Caterina Funel and Ilaria Partipilo
are the same ones who, together with the deputy
president of the National Youth, Fabio
roscani also attend the
community camp following our
investigation we were contacted by former
members of the National Youth
from all over Italy Hi
First of all thank you for writing to us V
first I understand that I want to
finish and we are able to shed light
on one of the Youth  managers
who support the deputy Donzelli
Ilaria Partipilo is the
provincial president of National youth she
has always surrounded herself with the most
extremist members they greet Romans as well as
racial jokes of all kinds they are R
ciants they are the true extremists to
confirm this testimony we
managed  to view the chats in which
Pilo speaks with the militants of his
club in these they enjoy
insulting blacks and disabled people as well as
sharing images that point to
fascism and Nazism I have nothing to
do with a black man who stinks in Africa I
don't  they are used to the AA at your place I don't
know if it is customary to shower with
soap you cannot go on the bus with
normal people National Youth Bari
met mainly at the headquarters
of the Honorable Gemmato the
Undersecretary for Health the real
glue between Gemmato and
National youth was Ilaria
among the targets of these young people who
were also trained in the office of the
undersecretary Gemmato there are
Jews so much so that their manager
the air Partipilo openly insults them
but anti-semitism is
widespread among the National youth militants
in Rome there are those who think the
same way despite the
official position of the party being full
support for Israel the Jews are a
profit press
of too many I despise the race because
Raz the militants express themselves this way
despite the presence in Fratelli
d'  Italy by Senator Ster Mieli, former
spokesperson for the Jewish community and today
vice-president of the Segre commission on
anti-Semitic oil which when it arrives
at the Italian headquarters is acclaimed by
everyone. I thank Flaminia but I
especially thank all the young people of
national youth. You are our
person  not only are they always with a
smile they do many things they do behind the
scenes because they are also a bit Simi
Thank you
very much to explain this ambivalence
between the public and private lines
within the national youth it is
precisely the person in charge of the
Pinciano club Flaminia pace la  the most beautiful thing
was yesterday at pze ass on the
swastikas the things and then I who had
made the statement this solidarity
Ester this language of hate penetrates
the institutions when militants
become members of the staff of the
parliamentarians of the Brothers of Italy as
in the case of  Elisa Segnini head of
the secretariat of the MP Ilenia
Lucaselli Tip I have always done politics on the
right for me there was nothing other than the
Italian right but I have always
been a little more extremist let's say
Segnini like Flaminia Pace is considered
one of the promises of the Right already a
candidate for the  city council of
Bergamo with Brothers of Italy is a member
of the European aristocracy the
traditionalist monarchist circle animated by the
black Baron Roberto gloats the
time Budapest
party Mara
with them eating his toes
Or put it in the desert and make it
eat n
ants be racist  fascist so
don't
always worry
neg [ __ ] Anyway it's not
us these are the ideas that permeate the
youth circles of the Brothers
of Italy and anyone who becomes part of it
risks becoming radicalized Arms outstretched
at the funeral today a comrade died
something that can be
manipulated  I can live with
Mission put up the photos Long live
anti-fascist Italy it's right to remember what you
must not be built on the basis of
decontextualized fragmented images
taken in a private setting
left there's a circus black looks good
on everything except skin no  the
National youth movement has
never been reported for
attacks once it became a
problem come on Italy change Europe light
light there was that Canalia nostalgia
when they arrive Duce duce of darkness
it could be a cleaner group of
Casertana fans Benito returns I
heart  black for me I prude in the face of the
whole world [Applause] we have to make victims Because if
you play the victim people count
otherwise really then they'll give us
fascists